README.md, before:

# /r/EliteDangerous Reddit Twitter Bot

A Python bot that looks up posts from Reddit, stores them, and later posts them on Twitter.

## Disclaimer

We hold no liability for what you do with this script or what happens to you by using this script. Abusing this script *can* get you banned from Twitter, so make sure to read up on proper usage of the Twitter API.

## Dependencies

You will need to install Python's [tweepy](https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy) and [PRAW](https://praw.readthedocs.org/en/) libraries first:

    pip install tweepy
    pip install praw
    
You will also need to create an app account on Twitter: [[instructions]](https://dev.twitter.com/apps)

1. Sign in with your Twitter account
2. Create a new app account
3. Modify the settings for that app account to allow read & write
4. Generate a new OAuth token with those permissions
5. Manually edit this script and put those tokens in the script

## Usage

Once you edit the bot script to provide the necessary API keys and the subreddit you want to tweet from, you can rig the scripts to be ran automatically:

1. Use task scheduler (Windows) or crontab (linux) to run the grabber once per day
2. Run the tweeter hourly, it'll check the time since the last tweet and make a post semi-randomly (~3 times per day)
 
Look into the script itself for configuration options of the bot.

## Have questions? Need help with the bot?

If you're having issues with or have questions about the bot, please [file an issue](https://github.com/EliteDangerous-Subreddit/reddit-twitter-bot/issues) in this repository so one of the project managers can get back to you. Please check the existing (and closed) issues to make sure your issue hasn't already been addressed.

Commit message:

Updated readme. Removed reference to example file in actual code.

README.md, after:

# /r/EliteDangerous Reddit Twitter Bot

A Python bot that looks up posts from Reddit and submits them on Twitter.

## Disclaimer

We hold no liability for what you do with this script or what happens to you by using this script. Abusing this script *can* get you banned from Twitter, so make sure to read up on proper usage of the Twitter API.

## Dependencies

You will need to install Python's [tweepy](https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy) and [PRAW](https://praw.readthedocs.org/en/) libraries first:

    pip install tweepy
    pip install praw
    
You will also need to create an app account on Twitter: [[instructions]](https://dev.twitter.com/apps)

1. Sign in with your Twitter account
2. Create a new app account?
3. Go through the circus hoops to get API access
4. Put all the keys in the provided config file

## Usage

1. Upon downloading the repo, rename config.example.ini to config.ini
2. Go into the freshly-renamed config.ini and enter your reddit API keys and bot-related settings
3. Use task scheduler (Windows) or crontab (linux) to run the python file multiple time per day, recommend hourly. The script will tweet semi-randomly throughout the day at a rate of which you decide.
 
Look further into the config file itself for specific configuration options of the bot.

## Have questions? Need help with the bot?

If you're having issues with or have questions about the bot, please [file an issue](https://github.com/EliteDangerous-Subreddit/reddit-twitter-bot/issues) in this repository so one of the code monkeys can get back to you. Please check the existing (and closed) issues to make sure your issue hasn't already been addressed.
